There were some questions in
chat actually that pointed,
I dropped some links to this
resource here on my screen, web.dev.
And some of you weren't aware of it so
I wanted to point it out,
because it's a fantastic resource.
This is a Google sponsored or
built website that kind of
codifies a lot of Google's perceived
best practices on the web.
A lot of the authoritative information
about the core web vitals and
how they're measured and
how they might change over time are here.
So if you haven't been out to
web.dev to take a look at this,
after this course is done, if you wanna
dive deeper into any of these things,
this would be a great resource for you.
Let's get back to our exercise.
So we pulled in some real data.
Now the CrUX data isn't perfect, right?
It is representing the data
that Chrome has pulled in, but
it's aggregated up across
the whole bunch of users and
it's really only showing
you one point per month.
So it's saying for all of the users
in the last month every single day,
here is the average.
Here is the piece or
the P75 not the average.
So, 75% of the users had this experience,
or better.
And this data does not
necessarily match up perfectly.
So we should probably have
data that's pretty close.
I captured this data a week ago or so.
So the roll ups might be a little
different than the data you captured.
But here was the web vital
scores that I pulled in.
And how I'm comparing them to
what I perceive them to be.
It's not exactly what
I would have expected.
So for example, MPR, which I thought
was the fastest site subjectively.
Well, according to CrUX,
it only had the third fastest FCP.
It was 30% worse than what
I measured in Chrome.
There was third in LCP.
42% worse.
But it was first in CLS.
But it was still almost 100% worse
than what I measured locally.
And so in almost every case,
the field data was worse than my lab data.
And in some cases, it flipped the order.
So for example, the New York times
had a much better set of field data,
than I would have thought,
than the lab data suggests.
Now what could that mean?
Why might that happen?
Well, the field data is
coming from the real users.
Some of them on fast machines, some of
them on slow machines, some of them on
good networks, some of them on
crappy mobile networks in elevators.
How well that site tailors itself to that
user is reflected in the field data.
So for example, this would suggest
that the New York Times is better
able to downscale its content and deliver
a fast experience even on slow devices.
And it's better at that than NPR is.
That might deliver a really fast
experience for me on my best connection.
But maybe for
a slow device it's not so good.
So field data, shows a much different
story sometimes than lab data.
That's why it's really
important to capture.